Here's a number.
If Xiaoxue and her children are on a business trip
I'll let their family and two teams be buried with them.
Brother, don't worry
We can all succeed
I only found useful clues last time
Oh, I bought so many things, didn't I?
Tang Xue's little hoof and that little bastard?
Still worth some money?
You should have had more money at that time
Otherwise, I will go to Li Yi now
Tell him the news
I'll knock him again.
Let Tang Xue go to the south gate of the park after going out with the children
It's done.
It's all yours.
break up
That's not a bad idea.
Are you animals?
Xiaoxue and the child are your relatives
What do you do to us?
You can't get people.
Whatever I do
Tell me now.
Where were they taken?
Or I'll kill him
Say it
We really don't know.
Right? Hey, don't hit him.
Ah!
Yes, I'm not wrong.
Don't hit him
Say
It's us, our hearts are covered with lard
We prioritize boys over girls.
Not human not human
Brother found it
But I am afraid that my sister-in-law and child will be born.
They didn't do it without authorization
Let's go